Issue #1325 Update to the documentation on imporvements to the migration guide (#1928)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/migration-guides/local-simulators.mdx

### Simulator Comparison Table

| Simulator           | Fake Backends                                   | AerSimulator                                       | Clifford Simulation                                |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **Purpose**         | Mimics specific IBM QPUs using snapshots         | General-purpose, high-performance simulation      | Efficient simulation for Clifford circuits         |
| **Noise Model**     | Automatically applies noise model from QPU snapshots | Custom or based on real QPU calibration data      | Ideal for noise-free simulations                   |
| **Circuit Size**    | Limited to the capabilities of the mimicked QPU  | Capable of handling larger circuits               | Suitable for extremely large circuits (e.g., hundreds of qubits) |
| **Results**         | Moderate runtime for QPU-specific tests          | Lesser runtime for a wide range of simulations    | Extremely fast (suitable) for stabilizer circuits  |

> | **Use Case**        | Testing transpiler and QPU-specific behavior     | General development, custom noise models          | Large stabilizer circuits, error correction        |

Author: @frankharkins Noted, will keep that in mind- thanks.

With `qiskit-ibm-runtime` 0.22.0 or later, you can use local testing mode to replace cloud simulators. Depending on your needs, there are several ways to use local testing mode.  To use local testing mode, specify one of the fake backends in ``qiskit_ibm_runtime.fake_provider`` or specify a Qiskit Aer backend when instantiating a primitive or a session.

> ### Guidance for Choosing a Simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Guidance for choosing a simulator
```

> If you are perpelexed by the multiple choie of simulators, feel free to refer the following table as a guide to the applicablity of the simulators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following table to help choose a simulator.
```

### Simulator Comparison Table

| Simulator           | Fake Backends                                   | AerSimulator                                       | Clifford Simulation                                |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|

> | **Purpose**         | Mimics specific IBM QPUs using snapshots         | General-purpose, high-performance simulation      | Efficient simulation for Clifford circuits         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Purpose**         | Mimics specific IBM&reg; QPUs by using snapshots         | General-purpose, high-performance simulation      | Efficient simulation for Clifford circuits         |
```

| **Noise Model**     | Automatically applies noise model from QPU snapshots | Custom or based on real QPU calibration data      | Ideal for noise-free simulations                   |

> | **Circuit Size**    | Limited to the capabilities of the mimicked QPU  | Capable of handling larger circuits               | Suitable for extremely large circuits (e.g., hundreds of qubits) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Circuit Size**    | Limited to the capabilities of the mimicked QPU  | Can handle larger circuits               | Suitable for very large circuits (hundreds of qubits) |
```

> | **Results**         | Moderate runtime for QPU-specific tests          | Lesser runtime for a wide range of simulations    | Extremely fast (suitable) for stabilizer circuits  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Results**         | Moderate runtime for QPU-specific tests          | Shorter runtime for a wide range of simulations    | Extremely fast, suitable for stabilizer circuits  |
```

| **Use Case**        | Testing transpiler and QPU-specific behavior     | General development, custom noise models          | Large stabilizer circuits, error correction        |

> *Note: For most users, **AerSimulator** serves as a good default choice due to its flexibility and performance. However, if your work targets a specific QPU, please refer to the table 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note">
For most users, `AerSimulator` is a good choice, due to its flexibility and performance. However, if your work targets a specific QPU, refer to the above table to determine which simulator to use.
</Admonition>
```

> above. For more information about the type of simulators and exmaples read below.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> With `qiskit-ibm-runtime` 0.22.0 or later, you can use local testing mode to replace cloud simulators. Depending on your needs, there are several ways to use local testing mode.  To use local testing mode, specify one of the fake backends in ``qiskit_ibm_runtime.fake_provider`` or specify a Qiskit Aer backend when instantiating a primitive or a session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `qiskit-ibm-runtime` 0.22.0 or later, you can use local testing mode to replace cloud simulators. Depending on your needs, there are several ways to use local testing mode.  To begin, specify one of the fake backends in ``qiskit_ibm_runtime.fake_provider`` or specify a Qiskit Aer backend when instantiating a primitive or a session.
```

### Guidance for choosing a simulator

Use the following table to help choose a simulator.

> ### Simulator Comparison Table

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Simulator comparison table
```
